No need to call
Old man, haven't I come?
Dean Li of the National Academy of Sciences is really
He had only seen it on TV before
It's over.
This clerk is sure to be fired
Dean Li, you are finally here. It is this punishment seal.
Not only unreasonable to Xiao Jue
He also wants to destroy the island nation
Project cooperation with China
Dean Li
He said he was researching a cell phone
Can predict natural disasters
Accuracy up to 99%
This is obviously not in the name of the Academy of Sciences
Swagger?
Dean Li
I heard this kid is a researcher at the Academy of Sciences
You can't ignore this, can you?
Who are you two?
This place is not for you to talk
Dean Li, I signed China this time first
But with 10 times the sincerity
Invite China to sign an agreement
Let China participate in volcanic engineering projects
Here's the answer.
This young and repeated fixed object called Qin Feng
Who humiliated the science money of the entire Sword Country before?
If he is not serious about the knife money
I think the sword country may be cancelled immediately
China's eligibility to participate in volcanic engineering projects
Humph
After playing an island country, he actually wants to engage in technological bullying
I'll tell you what.
We in China don't care at all
What volcanic project are you participating in?
Qin Feng, shut up for me
How dare you be so arrogant in front of Li Yuechang's life
Can you represent China?
Dean, you have seen it all
This Qin Feng will only discredit the National Academy of Sciences
You'd better make him famous quickly
Director Yue
Are you going to let me
President Qin of our National Academy of Sciences
Was the engineer fired?
What? What?
Pardon me?
This pioneer
Is the only chief engineer of the National Academy of Sciences